5-03-19
Days one and two: NullPoINtErExeptIOnN
We where thrown into the fire that is android app development. This involved us setting up a few of our base classes and
beggining development of the combat engine. Difficulty came in the form of setting up these classes to work together along 
with understanding how we wanted the end product ot flow/operate. Along with this much research went into the best way to link 
devices into a multiplayer configeration and how data would be passed. The decition was made to use "Google play game 
services" for actual multiplayer connections instead of google's "Nearby Connections API" for local multiplayer as it should 
be end up being easier to get working and would help future proof the end result. Lastly time was spent improving our UI 
concepts from what was origion ally put in the proposial.

5-09-19
Billy worked the entire time to fix a memory leak to no avail. Jason worked the entire time to get multiplayer working, with many errors.

5-10-19
Completely reworked the combat system. Along with this the signin prosses required to use google play games services is still giving 
errors. At this point it is oddly enough at the best it has been sofar as the pre-signin dialog is operating, though prior to the signin 
page displaying the error "4:" is consistantly given. I belive this is an error in linking the app the google's API. As of currently there 
are a number of possible things that could be causing this, and I intend to work through them over the coming week.

5-16-19
The new combat system's ground work is layed out and we've begun the proccess of merging jason's branch into the main project.

5-20-19
Levis' (Eli and Levy) finished the maps. Outlining each province with the pen tool in Illustrator took a very long time,
and it took about a day to figure out how we were going to go about it properly. We decided taking a day to figure out 
how to do it properly the first day was better than having to redo it after not doing it right the first time. The only 
thing left now is to figure out how to export each province svg indivdually and position them correctly in the xml files.
Jason got the datapassing portion of the combat engine working using Cloud Firesstore. Once the signin portion of the Google 
Games Services was working it became more and more apparent that it's restrictive nature wouldn't work for all parts of the app.
 Eventually it may be sued for the turn transfer, though for the time being FireStore will be used.



